okay retrace my steps oh good those walk
entirely round the wrong direction I
think I did
I got the cut-scene idea he goes why he
looks in here I understand how it works
I could run it be easier but I feel like
six so close to these things he's
getting he's gonna agitate it at me lost
in the jungle with a giant angry smoke
monster my only way in to survive is to
hide in a bunch of trees
left listening
as
all these coke guys are out here just to
mock us I like
make sure that one
this fella it's our next protocol
don't want to go moving up seas around
him
miss me off he's really pissing me off I
gotta know this is freaky
it's freaky because I can't run but it's
like it's almost like fake difficulty
because I can't run if I could run I can
just bolt around here like I'm folding
around there before I'm lost I don't
know what the fuck I am and I can't I
think you gettin turned around every
time I walk outside one of these things
is the way to go let's try that again
oh damn it all
doing high in the tree
they came from over there
very slowly to the by injury are taking
this on ride instead a look at should
use the flags for help like that they've
been telling me to do every five minutes
as opposed to looking for a random by
injuries my roof around the shop we're
gonna see him crazy oh there he is and
he's got me stuck in a tree he's treed
me that's not good
I don't like a treed only get out of
here come on Petrie me release me from
the tree I wish to escape from the tree
well I must let me hold into the trees
there's unrest in the forest there's
trouble with the trees come on trouble
with me playing Steam games they have a
fifty one rating on them I think Jeff
sorry I think I'm like a masochist when
it comes to this kind of stuff
unrest in the forest there's trouble
buying fees this game has no gameplay
that's my next place to go over there
I need a buy entry and you place to hide
right move aside please oh he's behind
me behind me again oh thank god oh all
right
that was that was tedious and painful
all right seriously I understand that
you know you have to make meal it
difficult to go through there because
we're carrying around like you know
dynamite but the dynamite plus being
lost in the jungle sequence plus being
followed around by the giant monster all
right now I would describe as being fun
safe here I want to blow that door open
screwing my last is off and no gun use
here
I still forgive you yeah I still trigger
the damned a dime of her ah that's
ridiculous
my guts and all these coconuts so make
cook that's let's say they have this set
back there on the jungle floor just
mocking you it's like you you can't stop
pick this stuff up or you'll get eaten
by the monster but look there's food
everywhere just pull this thing
yeah let's blow this thing go home it's
a via dome which is all about right the
way home
and for a journalist he's got
surprisingly good skill in this the
pistol I'm gonna get a place doc okay I
can run now
yay Ron celebratory running we're
trotting order the hell isn't doing I
got an idea to do here
I think how the game tells in there's
expressly shooting areas not shooting
areas okay all right I should certainly
get a that's fancy looking I should
certainly get a saving screen here so
I'll do acquit and put this down for the
day all right
actually I can't argue again because we
actually had stuff happen and I'm always
Pro stuff happening in this game I'm not
quite sure but I'm gonna have to do next
my next objective is going to be to
neutralize my magnetic interference okay
we'll leave it off there I will see you
guys next time for more loss via dumbest
this game is bad